[13.0][ADD] project_administrator_restricted_visibility: new module (#1107)
OCA/project: project_administrator_restricted_visibility/README.rst

    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Fproject-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/project/tree/13.0/project_administrator_restricted_visibility
    :alt: OCA/project
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/project-13-0/project-13-0-project_administrator_restricted_visibility
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runboat-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runboat.odoo-community.org/webui/builds.html?repo=OCA/project&target_branch=13.0
    :alt: Try me on Runboat

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5| 

This module extends the functionality of 'Project' module to add a new
'Project Administrator' access group with restricted visibility to the projects.

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Configuration
=============

To configure this module, you need to:

#. Go to *Settings > Users & Companies > Users*

> #. Create a user or edit an existing. If the user is internal,
>    he/she will be able to see a new access group called

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Create a user or edit an existing.
#. A new access group called ...
```

   'Restricted Project Administrator' under the 'Projects' category.

>    If this group is selected, the user will have the same access right
>    as the 'Project Administrator' but with the project visibility
>    of the 'Project User'."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Usage
=====

The new group has the same access rights as the administrator (and see the same menus), but the project visibility is restricted as a project user.
```
